# incredibleindia
Website on Incredible India----

I have created a responsive application with HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap. I have created a website on "Incredible India" which contains 14 webpages. For this application, I have researched and worked on some important areas which makes our India Incredible. Some of the areas I have taken are Art & Culture, Food & Cuisine, Festivals, Nature & Wildlife, Resources & Minerals, Weather, Languages, and Tourism (Destinations & Heritages). I have talked about them as a whole for overall India. Furthermore, I have taken 3 states of India i.e. Uttrakhand, Rajasthan, and West Bengal to depict the incredibility of India. The reason for taking these three states are to showcase the entire region of India i.e. North, West and East.
I have created a header section in which I added a self-designed logo icon of Incredible India in the left side corner and added a navigation bar in the right side. I have created a footer section which includes the subscription details of the other social media sites of Incredible India, the address and the contact details. The header and footer section kept same for every page of the website. In the Index or Home page, I have talked about India as a whole in brief. And, the other remaining 9 pages talk about the basis on which I have shown India Incredible such as art & culture, food & cuisine, festivals, etc.) The remaining 3 pages individually talk about the selected states which are Uttrakhand, Rajasthan, and West Bengal. I have also created a contact page in which I have added a form. I have used a 12 columns grid model. 
This website of Incredible India can attract foreigners and local tourists to the country. This can also include India in the travel plans of foreigners and the locals. As a result of the Incredible India website campaign, many misconceptions about India will get cleared. The tourists will attract to the peaceful and rejuvenating experiences in India, the spirituality of the places, and the unique stories that the historical places or the Indians narrated. India is now being thoroughly appreciated after being ignored for a long time. The Incredible India website campaign can prove to be a huge success and is in favor of India’s government and its citizens.

